Educated guesses

Traces_A:
1.Trace: Serielized AES, due to long delay before appearing of power consumption peaks, the delay could be caused due to initialization phase, when plaintext is loaded to AES. May be o to 19 clock cycles.
2.Trace,4 Trace: Serialized AES. the Power Consumptions looks like they going in one takt, and each takt demand the same power consumption, Serialized are going in the same operations in each round except initialization and last operation. So it is not initialization and not last round.
3.Trace: Round-Based AES, it is last rounds of AES, stable peaks before delay, than I get small peak because it runs without MC and than Multiplexer and high peak we get cyphertext
5.Trace: Round-Based AES, we can see tendency in 3 peaks, 1 high, 2 a little bit lower, 3 higher. I think that it is due to takts and different components in each takt. 1 - Inc, 2 - Key Schedule, 3 - XOR, SB, SR, MC. I think it is not first and not last rounds. Cannot say the clock cycles.




Traces_B:
1.Trace: Pipeline Unrolling, start with 4 right peaks XOR first Peak, SB second peak, SR demands less energy so the third smallest peak, than MC that demands more energy 4th peak. I think it is start of AES, due to delay.
2.Trace:T Table AES: each round demand different power consumption. It could happen due to BRAM. Because access to Memory demands different amount of power. It is not last and not first rounds.
3.Trace:T-Table AES: It is last round of AES. first 4 peaks shows penultimate round. Before end Than we have delay. Than Access to Bram that is why demands more energy and than checking of last round without XOR and we get Ciphertext
4.Trace: Pipeline Unrolling, 4  peaks XOR first Peak, SB second peak, SR demands less energy so the third smallest peak, than MC that demands more energy 4th peak. I think it is start of AES, due to delay.
5.Trace: Pipeline Unrolling, start with 4 right peaks XOR first Peak, SB second peak, SR demands less energy so the third smallest peak, than MC that demands more energy 4th peak. and it could look sinusoid because of pipelining. I think it is between first and penultimate round
